[Music]
Allrecipes member Sharon Holt submitted
this recipe for easy pancakes and she
commented this recipe doesn't require
much thought early in the morning and it
tastes great we love that and from start
to the plate just 15 minutes in a large
bowl makes a cup of all-purpose flour
[Music]
with two tablespoons of sugar
two tablespoons of baking powder
[Music]
and a teaspoon of salt
blend it all together and then make a
well in the center
for in a cup of milk
[Music]
one beaten egg
in two tablespoons of oil
mix the batter until it's smooth
[Music]
now let's heat a griddle or frying pan
over medium-high heat and lightly oil it
pour or scoop the batter onto the
griddle using approximately a quarter
cup of batter for each pancake
[Music]
when the edges are brown and small
bubbles are formed in the center of the
cakes go ahead and flip them
[Music]
pancakes in the morning are always a
perfect start to a great weekend
enjoy
[Music]